W-14659026-SFDC-Bridge-se (#359)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-deploy.adoc

When the tests are successful, transition to *Production* phase.

> The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. The difference is that you do not have to start the individual process runs manually. Instead you schedule a process run configuration which is then executed automatically at defined times. Or you create an invocable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. The difference is that in the *Production* phase, you don't have to start the individual process runs manually. Instead you schedule a process run configuration which is then executed automatically at defined times. Or you create an invocable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.
```

Reviewer: Do the phases have to be bolded?

> The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. The difference is that you do not have to start the individual process runs manually. Instead you schedule a process run configuration which is then executed automatically at defined times. Or you create an invocable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: Do you have to bold and initial-cap the phase names?

Author: [General edits for better usability and consistency](https://gus.lightning.force.com/a07EE00001peMotYAE)

> The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase. The difference is that you do not have to start the individual process runs manually. Instead you schedule a process run configuration which is then executed automatically at defined times. Or you create an invocable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final phase in the life-cycle of a process is the *Production* phase. This phase is structured similarly to the *Test* phase, except that in the production phase, you don't have to start the individual process runs manually. Instead, you can do either of the following:

* Schedule a process run configuration that is executed automatically at defined times. 
* Create an invocable run configuration and publish it to Anypoint Exchange.
```

. If you want details on a result, click a number.
. In case of errors, click the *Download* icon.

[[publish-automation]]
== Publish a Process Automation

Transition the project to the production phase and publish an invocable run configuration to use the process out of MuleSoft RPA, for example with one of the following products:

> * Anypoint Exchange

Reviewer: Required now for the bullets to render correctly.

```suggestion

* Anypoint Exchange
```

* MuleSoft Composer
* Salesforce Flow

> Projects that have already been used productively can no longer be deleted. 

Reviewer: Do you mean projects that have already been used in the production phase?

> Projects that have already been used productively can no longer be deleted. 

Reviewer: Required now because the word "productively" doesn't make sense.

```suggestion
You can't delete projects once they are used in the production phase. 
```

Reviewer: Can you say "...that are used in production" instead of "...that are used in the production phase"?

> Projects that have already been used productively can no longer be deleted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that have already been used productively can no longer be deleted. 
```
```suggestion
You can't delete projects that have been used in production. 
```

> Deleted invocable run configurations are not deleted in Anypoint Exchange. Edited and updated invocable run configurations are published as new versions in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: Can you make this active? 
"You can't delete invocable..."

> Deleted invocable run configurations are not deleted in Anypoint Exchange. Edited and updated invocable run configurations are published as new versions in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleted invocable run configurations aren't deleted in Anypoint Exchange. Edited and updated invocable run configurations are published as new versions in Anypoint Exchange.
```

Author: changed in all rpa-docs

Salesforce Flow always uses the newest version of a process. Invocable run configurations deleted in RPA are also deleted in Salesforce. 

> Invocable configurations can only run, if the following requirements are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invocable configurations can run only if the following requirements are met:
```

> Invocable configurations can only run, if the following requirements are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invocable configurations can only run if the following requirements are met:
```

* The project is in the production phase.

> * At least one of the assigned bots is in OK state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least one of the assigned bots is in the `OK` state.
```

> * At least one of the assigned bots is in OK state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least one of the assigned bots is in the `OK` state.
```

=== Transition Process to Production Phase

> Transition the tested process to production phase for running it fully automatically or for publishing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transition the tested process to the production phase to run it automatically or publish it:
```

Author: added a 'to' before publish to make it unambiguous...

> Transition the tested process to production phase for running it fully automatically or for publishing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transition the tested process to the production phase to run it automatically or publish it:
```

. Check *I confirm that the process should be released into the production phase and all responsible persons have agreed.*
. Click *Release to Production* to confirm the transition.

[[invocable-configuration]]
=== Create an Invocable Run Configuration

> The invocable run configuration can be published after saving.

Reviewer: You can publish...after you save it.

> The invocable run configuration can be published after saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish an invocable run configuration after you save it.
```

If you want to watch the execution of the process in the *Process Streaming* view of the *Process Monitoring* module or if the process uses elements of the Windows operating system like the start menu or the task bar, check *Enable Taskbar (Start menu, taskbar buttons)*.
* *Bots*:
+

> Select all RPA Bots that are to carry out the invocable configuration.

Reviewer: that are to carry out > that can carry out ???

> Select all RPA Bots that are to carry out the invocable configuration.

Reviewer: Maybe "Select the RPA Bots to carry out the invocable configuration."

+
Select the checkbox *Show bots not enabled in this phase* to also show bots that are not intended for use in this phase.
+
When you select a bot, ensure that it is configured for the required session type, that it is allowed to be deployed in the relevant phase, and that it can operate the required applications.
+
If one of the selected bots is not configured appropriately, RPA Manager displays a notification, and you cannot proceed with the configuration.
Hover the mouse pointer over the info label to display more detailed information about the cause of the warning or error in the form of a tooltip.
. Click *Save*.

[[publish-configuration]]
=== Publish an Invocable Run Configuration

You can publish an invocable run configuration to Anypoint Exchange or Salesforce.

To publish an invocable run configuration:

> . Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module and click on the name of the category of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module and click on the category name of your project.
```

. Click on the name of a project to open it.
. Click *Publish* (image:cloud-upload-icon.png[cloud with arrow up symbol,1.5%,1.5%]).

> . Select the target of the publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the publication target.
```

> . Select the target of the publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the publication target.
```

> If you edit your process or project, republish to Anypoint to create a new version there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit your process or project, republish it to Anypoint to create a new version there.
```

> If you edit your project name, republish to Salesforce to update the existing version there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit your project name, republish it to Salesforce to update the existing version there. 
```
